The teachings and the commentaries suggest that Padmasambhava lived for 1,500 years,
and I've never been able to get my mind around that. Are there other ways of thinking about what
life means?
Are there alternatives to the birth, living, and death cycle for 1,500 years that we should be
aware of,
what we're thinking of, to better comprehend that?
Okay. Okay, I'm trying to get that. I mean, this is true.
Guru Padmasambhava is 1,500 years after he came to Tibet.
So that means that when Buddha entered Mahaprabhu in the Rana and at the years after Buddha's Mahap
rabhu in the Rana,
or four and a half years after Buddha's Mahaprabhu in the Rana, Guru Padmasambhava appeared,
appeared.
And then Buddhism came to Tibet in eight centuries.
So the Buddha was born of Buddha's according Mahaprabhu in the Rana, 500 BC, I think.
About 500 BC is the modern count, what everybody's count of chronology systems.
So Guru Padmasambha came to Tibet in the mid-eighth century to Tibet.
So therefore, at all that time, Guru Padmasambhava then, as you read in the book, has been as a
living Buddha.
The Buddha stayed the same day. And the reason what they said in Guru Padmasambha,
one of the principal reasons that Guru Padmasambha achieved immortality,
mortality realizations, his physical elements become, as we're discussing, everything become light.
His body's flesh aspect is light. The earth element of his body is light.
Water element of his body is light. And the wind element of his body is light.
And then as well as such, me. And fire aspect of his element is light.
And then the mind aspect of his mind element is also, of course, wisdom status.
So all become enlightenment, enlightened status.
And therefore, the majority of the five, the roughly five elements are transcendent totally into
five wisdom status.
So the Malakri in a way, Malakri, for Guru Padmasambha, Malakri has changed, really changed.
Malakri, right? Malakri and atoms is for him. He changed, shaped.
So it's all Malakri of the primordial wisdom.
And then he also transcended, already, of course, enlightened beings.
He is born as an Ammitabha, but he also transcended, in this lifetime, all the three emotions,
I mean, already he has transcended. Attachment, anger, and ignorance, that completely transcended.
So it's become totally wisdom, wisdom status, wisdom status.
Therefore, his Malakri has changed, his atoms have changed.
He did then, therefore, his physical change, and therefore, he don't have to go the normal,
normal classically situation of the as we duality beings mostly go, goes.
And that happened to many, many great beings, those who are our power, their own dualities.
They did. As in Buddhism, there are so many stories, and all the different religions,
they have so many different stories, stories that they changed, really can change.
And the normal consulting level, how they can do that, for example, is renowned stories in
Christianity, too.
When the application of Christ is crucified, they say, "Resurgitate, resurrected, resurrected."
I mean, you know what I'm talking about.
I mean, how normal person can do everything.
We have to let Paul, our duality rule, I don't see how he can do that, that must be something
different.
There is this, I mean, it's true, there is something, another dimension to discover then the
dimension where we are.
These great beings are discovered that, that dimension, and for that reason, as always, I talk.
These great beings can walk in the water. It's true, really said, I never saw that, but I believe,
I can, I see the logic here,
that when you change the molecules and the systems of this, you walk on the water, or you walk in
the air.
And as I said the other day, they made food friends, hand friends, body friends, on solid rock.
And how? We see that, I saw, thyself, really I saw.
If you go into bed, you will see many of those, those, but how they can do, how they did.
That means there is something, there is another window to do something.
This is all indicating, this is what it's not, it's just, this is.
There is something more to discover, to the day, truly that is what it is.
And then there is so many other stories, beautiful things, I mean, one after another, they talk,
this truly does all this.
So therefore, even, it's like, for example, in a teaching, I'm going to say, said, after 1,500, I
came to Tibet, he said.
I will stay in Tibet 112 years, then I will leave.
See, of course, one way, as we are talking, is very, very kind of unbelievable. It's kind of very
difficult belief.
But there is definitely something to more discover.
There is something behind our duality frames, our vegan frame, our knowledge frame, and our
capability frame.
These two beings, that discover, that penetrate the holes, and we see some of those, those, truly.
So therefore, so that's what I really can tell.
In 112, he stays in Tibet, but that generated all, that count as, let's say, one year as two years,
and that's what the teaching said.
So, because in ancient times, India, or even now, they do, too.
Each, like, according to the lunar circle, the full moon, from day one to the full moon, is one
month.
So the waxing and the waning, that's like two months. So our 12-month, 30-day, they make that as,
because lunar circle, circle as 24 per month.
So therefore, so is count as one year, as two years. Yes?
May I just say that that's the best and clearest analysis I have ever heard.
Also kinds. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.